Define and activate AWS 9.3.4 release (#337)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v9.3.4/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v9.3.4 for AWS :zap:

> This release updates managed apps to the latest releases.

Reviewer: @sslavic release notes look fine to me from Halo perspective. 

What about the other components? Nothing notable? cc @MartaD for Ludacris components

Author: Yeah, nothing notable, no special highlights.

Reviewer 2: I’ve checked with the team and we would like to ask to include fixes for 3 CVEs:
- k8s 1.16.11 fresh from today, not communicated yet
- Flatcar 2512.2.1 - newest stable
- calico 3.10.4 - this aws-operator version is from before CNI so it’s not hard coded anywhere

Author: k8s + calico upgrade was included, flatcar requires aws-operator legacy update which is not available yet so will be shipped separately.

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v9.3.4 for AWS :zap:

> This release updates managed apps to the latest releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release updates managed apps to the latest releases. It also includes security fixes for 3 CVEs.
```

Reviewer 2: I've changed it in the [other PR](https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/pull/344/files#diff-46bc0c7a2ace3de49a04a338c907e701 just now. BTW should I merge that other PR here to have less confusion? @sslavic

Author: Other PR got merged.

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v9.3.4 for AWS :zap:

> This release updates managed apps to the latest releases and includes security fixes for 3 CVEs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release makes security fixes for 3 CVEs:
```

- IPv6 rogue router advertisement vulnerability [CVE-2020-13597](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-13597)
- Intel Microcode vulnerabilities [CVE-2020-0543](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-0543)
- [CVE-2020-8558](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/92315) which allows for neighboring hosts to bypass localhost boundary

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

It also updates managed apps to the latest releases.

```

I saw @sslavic feedback on sig-product and think it makes sense. wdyt @sslavic ?

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v9.3.4 for AWS :zap:

This release makes security fixes for 2 CVEs:
- IPv6 rogue router advertisement vulnerability [CVE-2020-13597](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-13597)

> - Intel Microcode vulnerabilities [CVE-2020-0543](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-0543)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

@stone-z says this is not there. Is this the flatcar one?

Reviewer 3: Correct, CVE-2020-0543 was the actual vulnerability, the mitigation is from Flatcar

> - Intel Microcode vulnerabilities [CVE-2020-0543](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-0543)

Reviewer 3: It no longer includes this

Author: @stone-z yes. please include suggestion to remove these

Author: Chiara did it https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/pull/337#discussion_r453740085

### calico [v3.10.4](https://docs.projectcalico.org/archive/v3.10/release-notes/)

- Fixes IPv6 rogue router advertisement vulnerability [CVE-2020-13597](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-13597).

For complete details for changes since v3.10.1 please check the upstream release notes at https://docs.projectcalico.org/archive/v3.10/release-notes/.

### cert-exporter [v1.2.3](https://github.com/giantswarm/cert-exporter/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#v123-2020-05-15)

- Updated prometheus/client_golang dependency.
- Migrated from dep to go modules.
- Moved to App deployment.

### cluster-autoscaler v1.16.5 ([Giant Swarm app v1.16.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-autoscaler-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#v1160-2020-05-26))

- Upgraded upstream cluster-autoscaler from v1.16.2 to v1.16.5 - [changelog](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/releases/tag/cluster-autoscaler-1.16.5).
- Set `scan-interval` to 30 seconds (from 10 seconds) to save resources.
- Set `scale-down-unneeded-time` to 5 minutes (from the default of 10 minutes) to release unneeded nodes earlier.
- Lower `scaleDownUtilizationThreshold` to 0.5.

> ### cluster-operator [v0.23.10](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-operator/releases/tag/v0.23.10)

Author: ```suggestion
### cluster-operator [v0.23.12](https://github.com/giantswarm/cluster-operator/releases/tag/v0.23.12)
```

TODO once it's released
